
1) what is a kernal ?
a) the central software that manages and allocates computer resources, such as RAM, CPU and devices is called a kernal.
   a kernal can also be defined as computer system resource manager.

2)can we have a computer system with out a kernal ?
a) yes we can but it will lead to a very inefficient resource management, the programs that will be running will become 
   strogly coupled with underlying hardware or each program needs to write its own interface with underlying hardware.

3) what are the tasks performed by the kernal ?
a) The kernal is responsible to perform a variety of tasks:
   (i) process scheduling
       many programs run simultaneousely on the machine the kernal gets to
       decide which programs will get to use the CPU and for how long.
  (ii) memory management
       Linux employs virtual memory concept to run its processes, using this
       only a part of the process is put on memeory allowing multiple      
       processes to have access to CPU and also each process will have its own
       memory segment which will ensure that one process will not modify the
       data being operated upon by other process.
 (iii) provision of a file system
       The kernal provides a file system that allows the programs to create,
       modify or delete files.
  (iv) create and terminate a process
       The kernal loads a new program into memory and provides it with 
       resources such as CPU to run, this is called a process, when such a
       process has finished its execution, it is the job of the kernal to 
       remove the process from memory and free the resources allocated to
       it so that other processes can use them.
   (v) access to devices
       many devices like mice, printers are connected to the computer, it
       is the job of the kernal to provide access between various programs
       to the processes.
  (vi) Networking
       The kernal transmits and recieves various message packets on behalf of
       the processes.
 (vii) Provision for system API
       The kernal provides various entry points to the processes so that they
       can request it to perform various tasks.

 
4) what is the difference between user mode and kernal mode ?
a) in user mode the processes can acces memory only that is marked as
   user space, if it tries to access kernal space then a hardware exception
   is thrown, hardware inturpts help the machine to change from user mode
   to kernal mode. The process can access any memory location when it is 
   running in kernal mode.

5) what is the difference between process view and kernal view ?
a) 
   Process view:
   a process dosent know what is its address on the RAM, when is it being scheduled,
   what is the exact location of the files it needs, how to contact IO devices etc
   
   kernal view:
   kernal maintains the data structure that knows in what order processes needs to be
   scheduled, what are the exact location of files needed by the processes, what is the
   mapping between physical memory and swap memory, contacting the IO devices, creating
   managing and destroying other processes.

6)       
