zmq an introduction:
----------------------

1) what is a socket?
a) a socket is one endpoint of a two way communication link between two programs running on the network.
   a socket is bound a port number, so that the transport layer can identify the application where data packets need to be delivered.
   a socket is also an abstraction to utilize the network capabilities of various transport processes. 

2) what is the address of a socket?
a) the address of a socket is <ip address of the box>:<port number>
   192.168.1.2:5565
   here 192.168.1.2 is the ip address of the machine
   and  5565 is the port number where the application is running.

3) what is a port?
a) a port is a software construct that will serve as a communications endpoint in a computers host operating system.
   The purpose of the port is to uniquely identify the applications or processes that are running on a single computer 
   and there by enable them to share a single physical connection.

4) How many ports are available on a box?
a) a port is a 16 digit unsigned intizer, so its value ranges from 0 to 65535, of which first 1024 are reserved for internet and 
   other OS activities.

5) what is binding to a socket means?
a) for a server to recieve requests from a client it must have a address where the transport layer sends its requests, 
   when we create a socket, we need to tie it to an address, this process is called binding a socket.

6) what is ZMQ_REQ and ZMR_REP stand for?
a) ZMQ_REQ stands for zmq request socket
   ZMQ_REP stabds for zmq response socket.

7) what is a client server model?
a) a client is a program that requests a service, a server is a program that provides a service.
   a server always listens in a port, for this we need to 'bind' the server socket to a port,
   a client initiates the communication hence it needs to 'connect' to the server port.

8) what is the order of calls for client socket ZMQ_REQ ? 
a) The client initiates the conversation, so the calls are:
   zmq_send() and zmq_recieve(), if we send two zmq_send() in an order or two zmq_recieve() then we get -1,
   send and recieve have to come one after another.

9) what is the order of calls for server socket ZMQ_REP ?
a) the server gets the request and then responds to it, so order of the calls is reversed for server.
   zmq_recieve() followed by zmq_send().

10)  

 
